# Keyword_In_Context_Research_paper
<b>KWIC [KEYWORD IN CONTEXT]</b></br>
<i>By Karthigaa Vijayakumar</i> </br>

<b>INTRODUCTION:</b>
                                <p>Worldwide changes in physical Infrastructure, population, innovative improvement, and atmosphere have added to a data blast. This is a significant test to data chiefs, who are confronted, not just with the test of selecting, gaining, and putting away the data, with the enduring issue of how to make it accessible to potential clients rapidly and effortlessly. The world is moving from manual to robotized practices. Data focuses are sticking to this same pattern, clearing path for robotized procurement, transforming, and scattering of data to demographics. Indexing administrations may be the answer for giving present and solid data to data seekers.<p>
                                <p>We know that, a KWIC display helps users to quickly look over various list items by just demonstrating a piece of content encompassing every match. The interesting part here is, it narrows down the user’s job to find exactly what they are looking for. This technology is an automated process, which gives user’s relevant options using some predicting or combination algorithms. In the technical point of view, the KWIC is implemented using XQuery.<p>
<p>Keyword-search-based information retrieval (IR) has concentrated on “flat” records, which either don't have any characteristic structure or have structure that is not misused by the IR framework. To search only the specific subset of the documents, the users had to still search over the entire document. This scenario got changed, since from the emergent of XML document collection which had a hierarchical structure with semantic tags that allows user to specify the context of their search more precisely.</p>
<p>Let us consider, a student is searching for a Management Information System’s book which is written by “Kenneth C. Laudon”. The student will specify the following XPath query: //Book[author = ‘Kenneth C. Laudon’], she would only get XML element results in Kenneth C. Laudon’s authored that contain the keywords. On the other hand, she will not specify the Query as: XPath query: //Book[Title = ‘Management Information Systems’] because this query give broader results than the previous search which was in accordance with author.</p>
<p>This kind of behavioral patterns arise another challenging algorithmic phase called Context-Sensitive Keyword Search and Ranking. The bottom line is, the Context-Sensitive Keyword Search should handle the following two challenges. The first challenge is challenge is to efficiently find search results in the search context without having to touch irrelevant content. The second challenge is to effectively rank keyword search queries evaluated in a search context.</p>
<p>If you ask me what are the algorithm (step by step process) used to handle these two challenges? The data structure that handles these process is B+= tree algorithm. This algorithm mostly helps to limit the search results according to the context. One of the practical application of this algorithm would search engine results, library catalog, retail catalogs, and phone contacts search box etc.,. The Ranking Module should enable tight integration with the Query Engine so that context-specific ranking can be done efficiently.</p> 
<p>The Query Engine is responsible to rank the content according to the contextual keywords. It computes context sensitive information that is used for ranking by making a pass over the relevant parts of the query keyword inverted lists. In the second phase, it makes another pass over the same inverted list entries, and finds the top-n (10 or 5) ranked query results.</p> 
<p>We handle these Query engines like Search engine in our day to life but have you ever wondered how it works, now you would have some sense of it. The Keyword in context is cloud computing were top search engine companies such as Google, Yahoo, Bing (Microsoft’s Search Engine) uses it every day to give end users a refined search. It is no one surprise, Google is competitive among these engines. Google has 222,514,739 average visitors every day. During early days, Search engines used to pull long lists of documents, only some of which are relevant. The only significant difference between Google, Yahoo! and Microsoft Live is in the statistical rankings they use.</p>
<p>The major of application of Keyword in Context is Search Engine’s. How Search Engine works? Let us consider the mechanism of Google search engine. Search engines uses some mechanisms such as crawling, Indexing, Links, Links Graph. What does it mean when we say Google has "Indexed" a site? SEOs, utilize that informally, to imply that they see the site in a [site: www.site.com] look on Google. This demonstrates the pages in Google's database that have been added to the database – however in fact, they are not so much crawled, which is the reason you can see this occasionally.</p>
<p>Indexing is something totally distinctive. On the off chance that you need to rearrange it, consider it this way: URLs must be found before they can be crawled, and they must be slithered before they can be "ordered" or all the more precisely, have a portion of the words in them connected with the words in Google's index. Sometime, people think indexing contains list of documents but it has a list of words or phrases and, for each of them, a reference to all the documents that are related to that word or phrase. In these context we can include Robot.txt, Non – indexing command etc.</p>  
<p>Links and Links Graph are analyzed by the search engine as back links i.e. links that are relevant to the keywords or content of particular website. The Google search engine sets page ranks for each websites according to the strength of good links going out and coming out of that particular website.</p>
<p>Many Startup companies such as Startup Conductor Inc. earns $27M to Help Brands Emerge in Web Searches. It’s become obvious that field’s like Search Engine Optimization also have growth like Manufacturing or Engineering.</p>
<p>SEO companies try to find ways to beat the search results using various techniques like off page and on page optimization. Whereas, the SEO on page optimization concentrate on unique, accurate page titles, Making use of the "description" Meta tag, improving the structure of the URLs, making the navigation very friendly, writing quality content and services, Write better anchor text, Optimize your use of images, heading tags properly, make effective use of robot.txt, Be aware of rel="nofollow" for links, accurately guiding the mobile users, Promoting the websites in a right way and make use of the free webmaster tools.</p>
<p>How KWIC helps the growth of both digital and non – digital marketing? Advertising is getting to be progressively robotized, and after a short time there may be minimal requirement for lights in the promoting office.</p>
<p>People will in any case regulate these mechanized settings, yet there will likely be significantly less of them. It isn't so much that the objectives of advertising have changed, yet the intends to attain to them. Organizations are ordinarily attempting to characterize and target particular clients or sections, however in the event that there are thousands or a huge number of clients, computerization is expected to get to that level of point of interest.</p> 
<p>Organizations are additionally attempting to alter the experience of the client, and that likewise obliges mechanization driven subtle element. Automation additionally serves to convey esteem crosswise over Omni-channel client connections, and to guarantee successful correspondences at all client touch points. At long last, mechanization lets organizations settle on choices with comparable criteria over the computerized and simple advertising universes.</p>  
<p>Digital advertising are highly automated today. So-called “programmatic buying” matches a company’s digital ads with publishers while determining the price to be paid for the ad (often with an auction) and some degree of targeting to the viewer. Now a days, variety of Non – digital marketing is also fully automated.</p> 
<p>The Keyword and Context method can also be studied under vocabulary retention. The study was compared on immediate and delayed vocabulary retention of EFL learners. It compared the rate of forgetting in Keyword and context groups. The study design was, it made 40 learners from two intact classes, were assigned to the Keyword and the context group. The context group focused on learning vocabulary in their real context, while the Keyword group received the keyword strategy training. The result concluded, that learners in the keyword group recalled more vocabulary immediately after training and week after. On the other hand, the rate of forgetting was more in the context group than in the Keyword group.</p> 
<p>I conclude that, Keyword in Context and their techniques are widely used in businesses, academic, technology and their implementations are growing extremely.  They tend to grow rapidly since it is connected with human cognition and able to predict the accurate possibilities which is used for computing.</p></br> 
<b>REFERENCE LINKS:</b>                      
Shanmugasundaram, J. (n.d.). Context-Sensitive Keyword Search and Ranking for XML.http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.84.2549&rep=rep1&type=pdf
M. Meier, W. (n.d.). Generating Keywords in Context (KWIC) Output. http://cdi.uvm.edu/exist/kwic.xml
THOMAS H, D. (n.d.). Last Marketer Please Turn Out the Lights. Wall Street Journal.http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2015/04/08/last-marketer-please-turn-out-the-lights/?KEYWORDS=keyword+in+context&cb=logged0.17352843447588384
Googling for questions as well as answers. (n.d.). The Economist.  http://www.economist.com/node/13761953
Search Engine Optimization Starter Guide. (n.d.). Retrieved from http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/www.google.com/en/us/webmasters/docs/search-engine-optimization-starter-guide.pdf
Saeedi, M. (2012, January 7). The effect of keyword and context methods on vocabulary retention of Iranian EFL learners. Retrieved from http://www.academia.edu/1824316/The_effect_of_keyword_and_context_methods_on_vocabulary_retention_of_Iranian_EFL_learners
Halasz, J. (2013, September 16). How Search Engines Work -- Really! Retrieved from http://searchengineland.com/how-search-engines-work-really-171556

